fix(css): use better terms for statement and block @layers (#34991)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/building_blocks/cascade_layers/index.md

{{EmbedGHLiveSample("css-examples/learn/layers/layer-precedence.html", '100%', 500)}}

> In this example, there are two layers `A` and `B`, first defined using an `@layer` statement at-rule(without styles) and then using two `@layer` blocks at-rules. There is also a CSS rule without a layer.

Author: ```suggestion
In this example, two layers (`A` and `B`) are initially defined using an `@layer` statement at-rule without any styles. The layer styles are defined in two `@layer` block at-rules appearing after the `h1` CSS rule declared outside of any layer.
```
